# Part I: Multi agents in collaborative editing

*Human agent*

The users interact with the editing sytems for correcting the documents such as i.e. editor, system designer.

*Assistance agent*

An intelligence agent observes user interaction and helps the users.

#### Environment

TConnect Editor v0, the enviroment types is defined D-SOAKEDS:

* Fully observable (vs. partially observable)
* Deterministic (vs. stochastic)
* Episodic (vs. sequential)
* Static (vs. dynamic)
* Discrete (vs. continuous)
* Single agent (vs. multiagent)

Our environment is semi-dynamic, partially observable, stochastic, sequential, discrete and multiagent.

The environment in collaboratve editing on web could be very complex.
So it's no longer useful to define the environment type.
Instead of that, we define the enviroment types on each interface the user visited.

#### User classification
We assume that the human agents could be different based on their personalization. Four basic types in order of increasing generality:

* Simple reflex agents
* Reflex agents with state
* Goal-based agents
* Utility-based agents
* All these can be turned into learning agents
* Obviously, in the 1st case, if the user acts as simple reflex agent. The A-Model in CTM method provides a very good way to learn the conditions of user action.

#### UI and UX

The UI interface is often talked about in conjunction with user experience (UX), which may include the aesthetic appearance of the device, response time and the content that is presented to the user within the context of the user interface. An increasing focus on creating an optimized user experience has led some to carve out careers as UI and UX experts. Certain languages, such as HTML and CSS, have been geared toward making it easier to create a strong user interface and experience.

List of 10 user interfaces


