# Part VI: Trace

In this section, we describe about the elements in trace theory and discuss about the information levels of a primary trace.

A trace T is defined as a set of observed elements (obsels).
An obsel ot, produced by an observation about the enviroment, represents the information of the observation ot = (x1, x2, ..., xn|x ∈ X), where X is all observable attributes of the enviroment.


#### Observation
I listed here some definitions about the human observations:

In dictionary.com, "observation is an act or instance of regarding attentively or watching" [2].
"The something that is learned in the course of observing things i.e. my observation is that such clouds mean a storm." [4]

*Observation* in is the process of filtering sensory information through the thought process.
Input is received via hearing, sight, smell, taste, or touch and then analyzed through either rational or irrational thought. 

*Observation* pertains to physical seesing process by which a living being sense its surrounding popularlly known as environment.
So in this way, observation is a process of getting aware about your environment through various sensory organs (visual, auditory, gustatory, olfactory, cutaneous, kinesthetic, vestibular).

There are three kinds of 




##### Perception
Observation is more or less physical process.
On the other hand, perception is the process of adding meaning to stimuli (Event)

[Introduction to perception](https://www.boundless.com/psychology/textbooks/boundless-psychology-textbook/sensation-and-perception-5/introduction-to-perception-39/introducing-the-perception-process-167-12702/)

In machine, 
